java c
Marketing 
ADM 2320 C | Fall 2024
Course Description 
Course Learning Objectives 
LG1 – This course introduces students to the Approved discipline of marketing management and as such contributes to their understanding of a key core management discipline and how marketing integrates in the operation of the organization. The extent to which this learning goal is achieved is measured by student performance on examinations containing questions that broadly test their understanding of key marketing concepts.
LG2 – This course involves several team and individual assignments requiring the application of various marketing principles in managerial decision-making in real-life contexts. Performing these analyses requires critical thinking and decision making. The extent to which this learning goal is achieved is measured by student performance on their individual and team assignments.
Prerequisite(s) ADM 1100 or ADM 1300
Program of Study 
BCom core course, Minor in Management, Certificate in Management, Engineering Management and Entrepreneurship Option

Assessment Components  Assessment
Components Responsibility Tasks  Deliverables Weight Individual Group Midterm ✔ October 08 during class 20% Simulation ✔ Multiple deliverables (see course schedule) 35% Final Exam ✔ Date to be announced 40% Mini-assignments  In-class Contribution ✔ Details below 5% Total = 100% 
Course Contribution to Program Learning Goals 
The Telfer School of Management has implemented an ongoing Assurance of Learning Process in each of its core programs to ensure that upon graduation, candidates have successfully achieved key learning outcomes and skills from the Program. This course contributes to the achievement of BCom Learning Goals as indicated below:PLG_1 
Learning Goal 1: Understand, Apply and Integrate Core Management Disciplines PLG_2 
Learning Goal 2: Demonstrate Critical Thinking and Decision-Making Skills 
Learning Resources Course Materials Where to Get It 
Grewal et al (2021), Marketing, 6th Canadian Edition with access to the Connect Platform. See Brightspace Announcement Page for instructions on registering for Connect. The unique link for this class (Section A) is also there. Do not share the link with anyone. 
University Centre, Room 0024. There is an e-book also that can be purchased via the Uottawa Bookstore or directly from McGraw-Hill. See Brightspace Announcement page for details and a video about using the e-book version. 
PowerPoint slides 
Posted on Brightspace in advance of class 
Brightspace is the LMS for the course. We will also make extensive use of “Connect”, the website accompanying the textbook because several of your assignments and course learning materials are from the Connect Platform. 
Note: Mandatory and optional weekly activities (videos, readings, etc.) and the simulation are on Connect. You must complete all Mandatory activities. Optional activities are for your learning and do not count towards your grade. 
Instructional Methods 
This course is delivered in-person in a physical classroom. Some of the course materials are posted on Brightspace for your convenience (e.g., course slides, recorded lectures, and other interesting stories of marketing issues faced by real companies). Discussion questions are also posted for you to prepare and to answer during in-class discussions. You are expected to review these materials and come to class ready to participate. We will be discussing the questions during lectures. Class attendance is mandatory.
Methods Used to Evaluate Student Performance 
Mid-Term Exam 
The midterm exam covers chapters 2 through 7. It will consist of a combination of short answer and essay questions and case analysis – No Multiple Choice! The exam will be administered during regular class times. The midterm exam will be 75 minutes. You will need a computer to type your answers into Brightspace where the questions are posted. You must take this exam in the classroom. Anyone who takes this exam outside of the classroom will automatically be assigned a mark of 0 and may be reported for academic fraud. Attendance will be taken on the day of the exam – you must have your student ID card. We will use Respondus for this exam. If you decide to not use Respondus, you will be given a paper exam. Either way, the exam will be held in the classroom during class times. Note: Under no circumstances will there be a make-up or deferred midterm. A student who misses a mid-term examination for reasons approved by the Undergraduate Office would have the weight of the midterm examination added to the weight of the final exam. See additional notes below regarding exam policies.
Suggestions for doing well: The midterm exam will test your knowledge of the theories of the course and your ability to apply this theoretical knowledge to practical, real-life marketing situations, decisions, and problems. To do well in this course, you should read each Chapter of the book first, study the course slides, and prepare answers to the discussion questions and other assigned activities. Also, look for ways where you can apply the principles of the course to real-life marketing situations. Additionally, experience over the last decade indicate that students who attend lectures and actively partic代 写ADM 2320 C Marketing Fall 2024C/C++
代做程序编程语言ipate in discussions tend to do much better than those who don’t. You should also participate in the QA aspects of the lecture since this will help to clarify or even broaden your understanding of the course material.
Mini-Assignments/In-class Contribution 
The instructor will randomly administer various in-class activities over the duration of the course. You must attend classes to do these activities when they are assigned e.g., polls, pop quizzes, discussion of current events in the news, etc. There will be no make-up activities to replace missed activities.
Team Project – Marketing Simulation [5 in a group] 
The team project involves a marketing simulation that will run from September 30 through November 25. This project requires various deliverables, each of which carries its own marks and deadlines. It is your responsibility to familiarize yourself with the deliverables and deadlines. Details of the simulation project are posted online on Brightspace. Please ensure that you follow all the requirements. Teams will be finalized no later than September 23rd. A 2-step process will be used to create the groups. First, I will give you the opportunity to create/join a group of your choice (maximum 5 students). Second, if you cannot find/join a group, you will be placed in a group by the instructor. Groups with less than 5 students will be reassigned to create groups of 5 – we cannot have groups with less than 5 students, unless class registration does not permit.
The simulation has the following components: (1) a simulation quiz, (2) a strategic marketing plan, (3) playing the game 6 decision turns – one due each week, (4) a self-reflection report, and (5) a final report. There are also two (2) team dynamics report that are due at specific dates. Please check the course deliverables link on Brightspace for further details on each component of the simulation.
Simulation Quiz 
As part of the simulation, you will be given a simulation quiz that will test your knowledge of the simulation and the instructions. You are given 20 minutes to complete the online quiz and only one attempt. However, to make it easy for you to find a suitable time to do the quiz, I will open the quiz for the entire weekend (September 30 @ 8am through October 2nd @ 8am). This quiz is worth 5%. This quiz will be administered through Brightspace and requires you to install Respondus. If you do not want to use Respondus, you will have the option of doing a paper-based quiz that will be held at 8am on Friday, September 30. I will collect the names of students who do not want to use Respondus.
Class Preparation  
For each class, your instructor has assigned various activities including recorded lectures, PowerPoint slides, discussion questions, video cases, and other readings. Your completion of these activities is automatically recorded by Brightspace and the Connect platform. These activities will help with your class preparation, which will help you make effective contributions during class discussions.
Peer Evaluation 
This course is designed to encourage high levels of group discussion and learning. Over the course of the semester, each group must submit three brief reports (paper copies and each about 1/2 page maximum) reporting how the group is working together and any group dynamic difficulties/challenges requiring the intervention of the Professor. The Professor will collect the reports at the beginning of class on the dates specified on Brightspace. Every member must sign the report. You can also mention issues pertaining to:(1) level of preparation, (2) contribution – amount and quality of work, level of engagement (includes being a team player, contributing to decisions, supporting team’s decisions, etc.), and (3) level of professionalism (includes integrity, respect, communication, empathy, non-abusive, etc.). If the group is working very well and there are no issues, you still need to submit a report confirming this, even if it is just 1 or 2 lines.
Groups that do not submit a report or submit an incomplete report (e.g., missing signatures) will lose 1 mark for each missed or incomplete report. Each member of the group will lose 1 mark. This mark will be deducted from your overall simulation score. No late submission will be accepted – strictly no exception. For example, the simulation is worth a total of 35 marks (all components together) of which 30 are based on group work. Assuming your team earned 28/30 but the team did not submit one of the progress reports, then every member of the team will see their simulation mark reduced to 27/30. Group members who do not contribute to team work as expected or assigned to them will see further reductions in their marks at the discretion of the Professor.
Final Exam 
The final exam focusses specifically on chapters 8 through 16 (materials covered after the midterm). However, you may have to draw on your knowledge of the entire course (all chapters) to provide thorough, high-quality answers. The date, time and place of the final exam will be announced by the University. The final exam will consist of MC questions. The final exam will be up to a maximum of two hours. Further details on the final exam will be posted on Brightspace as they become available.


         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp
